hey guys this is Chris here on valve
fall word now I have just recently
announced that I am bringing my main
work from halo follower to this channel
so if you want more Chris well here I am
if you like mispronunciations walls II
have five three theories that are out of
whack I'm just getting on that we'll try
to be realistic as possible here and
plenty more that I offered on halo
follower which grew up to three hundred
and twenty five thousand subscribers
right before I left with of course the
thinks of many many people from writers
editors managers and everyone else a
part of the follower interactive team
then well here we are we are working on
valve four and I'm in the game so today
we're gonna talk about how a group on
Steam which if you don't have steam I
don't know what the hell you're doing go
get a steam account go get a seam
account of you if you have a steam
account
you're awesome if you don't go get a
steam account man there's plenty of free
games out there especially if you want
to get into the valve community then get
Team Fortress 2 it's free to play it's
awesome but of course you got to worry
about the hats right well of course
there is a dead multiplayer games
resurrection group on Steam now this is
so cool because there's been small
attempts now back in the Halo days there
was something called populate halo 3
brought up by team epiphany and what
they did was they got the word around
they asked for me and a few others to
upload a video saying that hey guys
let's all play Halo 3 at this specific
time and guess what happened with the
word of mouth and a lot of people
wanting to play their good old games
that they you know of course that just
disintegrated then um it actually worked
and I have a lot of Hope in this now
this was actually brought to me from
kotaku which is a very reliable source
maybe not maybe so but I love Kotaku
they talk about a lot of really
interesting things with gaming but I'm
not reading from their post here but I
do want to
that this is very interesting and that
you should join this group because if
you have a game let's say something like
I actually can't think of anything right
now
but we know that if you are a basics
team player odds are you've gone through
a summer and we all know the summer
steam cells that there's a game there
and this game you would never play this
game whatever it may be Borderlands dead
space ARMA 2 ARMA 3 you would never
actually played that but God and get it
so cheap it's so cheap you gotta buy it
what do you buy it otherwise you're
gonna have to buy it later I mean why
not buy now why not buy now let's buy
now and then you end up having about 50
games on your steam list that you don't
play anymore and sometimes and a lot of
scenarios this is sort of turned into a
meme or some kind of weird phenomenon
that there's a lot of games that you
don't even install and you never play so
isn't that interesting very interesting
there that a lot of people pay pay to
play these games that they never
actually play and there's such a smart
strategy from Steam but I'm getting
off-topic join this group I'll leave a
link right down in description and they
read let's face it we all had those
games in our library our Steam library
old gems with amazing multiplayer or
co-op modes that seriously deserves some
love and loyal players but have sadly
become dead deserted in forgotten now
one of my favorite examples of this is
Age of Empires yeah Age of Empires 2 so
that game was pretty much like the
opening of RTS games and strategy games
for me because I absolutely loved those
unfortunately there's not many people on
there and it's hard to find a match
especially during midnight which is my
favorite time of the day to play some
good ol h vampires some good mid evil
slaughter so they continue those games
vainly wait for better times to come
those better times are finally here the
dead MP multiplayer game resurrection
group is
a group of Steam players dedicated to
reviving our dead multiplayer games even
if it's for one night events will be
created by the group members for any
dead multiplayer game on Steam that we
support let's get some of these games
active again wondering how you can help
well you can actually click on the link
that I sent and of course it's right
there basically what you got to do is
step one join the group step two and buy
all your friends and spread the word
because that's how we're gonna make this
big and step three click this link which
I will provide step 4 click on each game
that you own and reply to the thread so
that they know who you are or what
you're interested in we also advise that
you subscribe to the game thread so that
you'll get notifications up and your
replies and you won't miss out on
anything like events or a little game
times for game nights and then of course
step 5 keep your eyes open for upcoming
game events you should also get into
contact with your belong any game mods
as they will be more main coordinators
for events on your games and by mods of
course mods moderators is what they're
talking about right so yes and of course
step 6 when a scheduled event starts
join the group chat and start the game
and have some multiplayer fun and step 6
is where we want to be any game that you
I mean it may not be in your head right
now but any game that you used to love
and you just lost interest you lost that
passion to it it may have not just been
you that lost the passion it may have
been other people that have lost it too
now imagine this if you could if you're
not at your computer right now if you're
watching this on mobile or tablet or if
you're on your computer go to your steam
tab right now I'm waiting I'm serious go
to your steam tab
now go to your go to your library tab
and look at it how many of those games
do you actually play regularly whatever
you define as regular are you satisfied
with playing those games on a regular
basis if you do and why do you not play
the ones
that you don't play anymore that you
have uninstalled now there may be a few
people out there that might speak up and
say no I play every single game I have
Steve oh he go on there's gotta be one
game that you want to play with other
people online one of these examples for
at least console Oh actually the PC two
is titanfall titanfall was supposed to
be this huge big thing but no one plays
anyone so if you want to jump into this
there's been other vague attempts but
there are over six thousand and two
hundred and seventy four members seven
seven hundred of those right now are
playing a game in two thousand and three
hundred and twenty-two at this very
moment are of course all morning so
there they're not playing a game but
seven hundred that's a big impact
considering that this hasn't had much of
a push besides go Taku well let's try to
make a push guys if you want play a game
then get on there there might actually
be some people that you might be
interested in playing a game with that
have the same interest in the same games
that you want to play so try it out
anyways guys thank you so much this is
my first real video I've made a couple
videos here on Valhalla number four but
I'm gonna be jumping into this channel
real hard and real clean and I hope you
guys like my content thank you so much
for watching and I will catch you the
next one
thank you guys so much watching and
peace out